README.md, before:

# Music-Video-Recommendation-system-for-a-group

#Recommendation systems are made to recommend  content/items to an user based many categories such as User-User,Item-Item and
Hybrid Model of the two.

The above stated models work well when the user watches contents in Online Video on demand services such as Netflix,Youtube but
when the same service is being used by a group of people in laptop,there are no recommendation system to recommend content when a number of
people want to use the same device to watch content at the same time as a group audience.
Example: Five people sit together to watch using the same laptop

There are a number of Scenarios where there is a necessity of a group recommendation system such as :
1.Private Parties
2.Gymnasium
3.Music systems in Automobiles

To recommend Music and Videoo contents to a number of people, we can analyze their previous watch history and recommend contents using 
the Item-Item recommendation system.

To get the Previous watch history of the entire Audience, we need to make a setup in the service where we are applying this system.
For example we are using this system in Netflix,we need to make a personal group inside the netflix application 
and add all the people in the audience and thereby we can get the watch history of the entire audience.

Commit message:

Concept of Group recommendation system

README.md, after:

# Music-Video-Recommendation-system-for-a-group

#Recommendation systems are made to recommend  content/items to an user based many categories such as User-User,Item-Item and
Hybrid Model of the two.

The above stated models work well when the user watches contents in Online Video on demand services such as Netflix,Youtube but
when the same service is being used by a group of people in laptop,there are no recommendation system to recommend content when a number of
people want to use the same device to watch content at the same time as a group audience.
Example: Five people sit together to watch using the same laptop

There are a number of Scenarios where there is a necessity of a group recommendation system such as :
1.Private Parties
2.Gymnasium
3.Music systems in Automobiles

To recommend Music and Videoo contents to a number of people, we need to analyze their previous watch history and recommend contents using 
the Item-Item recommendation system.

To get the Previous watch history of the entire Audience, we need to make a setup in the service where we are applying this system.
For example we are using this system in Netflix,we need to make a personal group inside the netflix application 
and add all the people in the audience and thereby we can get the watch history of the entire audience.

Kindly follow the code section to know how i implemented the recommendation system using python.
